---
title: Newfoundland - Almost Home!
feature-image: "/web-dist/images/burgeo.jpg"
---

It's been a while since I've had the energy to update this page - as it turns out, to my surprise and my surprise alone, touring on a unicycle is exhausting and doesn't leave a lot of time for much else! I have, however, made it safely to Burgeo, Newfoundland, a tiny 2000-person town on the south coast of Newfoundland. Burgeo only got a road in the late '70s, previous to that it was accessible only by ferry along the south shore.

Nowadays, the tiny communities (of 70-80 people in some cases!) are slowly shrinking, and fairly recently contiguous ferry service along this coast has ceased, meaning I had to ride an extra 150km up, and then back down to get to this place. The upshot of this is that I was able to get some time to visit family on the Port Au Port Peninsula, where my mom grew up, since I was in the Stephenville area, if only briefly.

Now though, I find myself down in the picturesque town of Burgeo, nestled in a flurry of islands and coves, waiting for the ferry schedules to line up so I can get myself over to Bay L'argent, thereby skipping all the boring and difficult riding through Central Newfoundland, which is a drive I've done many times and frankly don't much need to repeat at a much slower pace!

I'm fully expecting to be in St. John's on September 1st, and perhaps the next morning I'll set out to Cape Spear, the most easterly point in North America, to finish up this trip that has been so many things packed into one incredibly experience. I'm excited, but also a bit sad that it's coming to a close, and I think knowing that has made the past few days of riding extra-good since I know there aren't many left in the immediate future.
